# KaamPK
The Proposed project is an android application which will facilitate the local freelancers. Freelancer can make their brand through this platform in mentioned categories. It includes “Cooking and baking” feature which will be availed by the registered person who wants to cook and bake food .It also includes “Stitching and design” feature, in which seller has to specify standard size in the description and images of the Design in his gig and also there will be measurement feature where a buyer can mention his customized size. Then comes “Beauty salon” feature in which any freelance beautician will mention what kind of beauty services she can provide and a buyer can avail it by viewing it in the gig. And to talk about “Arts and Crafts” feature where any buyer can book crafting things and book them for their events. Then comes the feature of “Photography” where one can book a photographer according to his desired needs and budget. The “photography” feature will not be using map as our system will not search a nearby photographer for them. It will be an edge for both buyer and seller. There is a “Delivery” feature in which registered person will deliver the services that needs delivery to buyer. On the other hand, we will be facilitating the buyer who wants to get benefit out of these features and one buyer can access to all of these features. A buyer can avail “Cooking and Baking” as well as “Stitching and Design” and “Arts and Crafts” feature and can place his or her order and then it will get delivered to the desired place of the buyer through the delivery feature. The buyer will also be getting recommendations according to his top most searches of the services. This is restricted to Rawalpindi and Islamabad only.
